2. HOW TO COLLECT FLIFF CASH

2.1. A Participant must create and maintain have an account with Fliff. Creation of an Account is free and no purchase is ever required. You may create an Account free of charge by downloading the Fliff App in the Apple App Store and Google Play store. To enter the Sweepstakes, a Participant must access Fliff through the application and sign in.

2.2. There are four potential ways to collect Fliff Cash to use in the Sweepstakes:

(a) Receive Fliff Cash for free as a bonus when collecting free Fliff Coins. Fliff regularly allows its users to collect awards of free Fliff Coins on the Platform.  When a Participant claims a free Fliff Coin award on the Platform, Participant will also receive 1.00 Fliff Cash at that time provided Participant has a zero-balance of Fliff Cash in their Wallet and no pending Fliff Cash redemptions; and after receipt of 1.00 Fliff Cash, the Participant with no pending Fliff Cash redemptions and a Fliff Cash Wallet balance less than 1.00 Fliff Cash may thereafter receive claim .10 Fliff Cash (1/10th of 1.00 Fliff Cash) when the Participant claims a free Fliff Coin periodic bonus. The amount of Fliff Cash each Participant may receive will be posted on the Platform and will be the same for all Participants using the Platform.

(b) Receive Fliff Cash for free as a bonus when purchasing Fliff Coins. Each Participant shall automatically receive Fliff Cash as a free bonus in connection with the purchase of Fliff Coins if a bonus is applicable to that purchase as indicated on the Platform. If a bonus is applicable it will be clearly displayed at the time of the purchase.

(c) Receive Fliff Cash for free when entering Fliff Cash no-cost giveaway contests on the Fliff social media pages. The Sponsor/Promoter regularly holds Fliff Cash no-cost giveaway contests which Participants can enter by following instructions given on the Fliff social media pages. These giveaways may require sharing posts or answering various game related questions to be eligible for entry. The amount of Fliff Cash given away will be stated on the applicable Fliff Cash no-cost contest post, and will be credited to each contest winner’s account at the conclusion of the giveaway. These giveaways may be subject to additional restrictions and rules as referenced in the giveaway materials at the time of the contest, as well as these Terms of Use and the Sweepstakes Rules in effect at the time.

(d) Free Mail-In Entry Method - Receive Free Fliff Cash by sending a request by Mail. Participants in the United States (other than the states listed in section 1.1) can receive Fliff Cash by sending a stamped #10 envelope enclosing one (1) 3” x 5” hand-written Request Card to the following address:

FLIFF INC.
FLIFF SWEEPSTAKES DEPARTMENT
P.O BOX 9529
MANCHESTER, NH 03108

Participants must adhere to the following process to receive Fliff Cash by post:


1. Handwrite Participant’s return address on the front of the envelope and the words: “Fliff Sweepstakes Credits”; and

2. Handwrite all of the following on only one side of the Request Card inserted inside the envelope in the following order:

(a) Participant’s full name as shown on their government issued identification;

(b) The email address registered to Participant’s Fliff account;

(c) The username associated with Participant’s Fliff account;

(d) The User ID# associated with Participant’s Fliff account

(e) The return/residential address registered to Participant’s Fliff account; and

(f) The following statement:

“I wish to receive Fliff Cash to participate in the sweepstakes promotions offered by Fliff. By submitting this request, I declare that I have read, understood, and agree to be bound by Fliff’s Terms of Use and Sweepstakes Rules.”

3. There is a limit of one request per outer envelope.