3. HOW TO COLLECT SWEEPS COINS

3.1. To Participate you must have an active Customer Account. If you do not have a Customer Account you can create one free of charge:

(a) at https://play.luckylandslots.com (Website); or

(b) via the Android app at https://play.luckylandslots.com/download/ (App).

To enter the Sweepstakes, a Participant must sign into their Customer Account via the Website or App.

3.2. Once they have accessed Luckyland Slots, there are four potential ways for an Eligible Participant to collect Sweeps Coins:

(a) Receive Sweeps Coins as a free bonus when purchasing Gold Coins. Each Participant may receive Sweeps Coins as a bonus upon the purchase of specifically marked packs of Gold Coins. Gold Coins can be used for social game play in Luckyland Slots. Gold Coins cannot be redeemed for prizes. The number of Sweeps Coins a Participant will receive as a bonus for each relevant Gold Coin purchase will be stated in the purchase window. All purchases of Gold Coins are final, and no refunds will be given.

(b) Receive Sweeps Coins when entering Sweeps Coins no-cost giveaway contests on Luckyland Slots Facebook page. The Sponsor/Promoter regularly holds Sweeps Coins no-cost giveaway contests which Participants can enter by following the instructions provided in the contest. These giveaways may require sharing the Facebook page posts or answering various game related questions to be eligible for entry. The amount of Sweeps Coins given away will be stated on the applicable Sweeps Coins no-cost contest post and will be added to each contest winner’s Customer Account.

(c) Receive Sweeps Coins by logging into your account. Participants can receive free Sweeps Coins on a daily basis by taking the following steps (Daily Bonus):

i. sign into your Customer Account;
ii. if you are eligible, a pop up screen will appear for you to claim your Daily Bonus;
iii. click the “Claim” button at the bottom of the Daily Bonus pop up.

Participants can only claim a Daily Bonus once per day (the daily clock resets every 24 hours).

(d) Receive Sweeps Coins by sending a request by post. Participants can receive free Sweeps Coins by obtaining a Postal Request Code and sending a standard post card or piece of white paper (Request Card) which must be 4” x 6”, unfolded, blank and unlined and placed inside a stamped #10 envelope addressed in handwriting, to the following address and satisfying the requirements set out below:

VGW LUCKYLAND INC,
LUCKYLAND SLOTS SWEEPSTAKES DEPARTMENT
PO BOX #8486
PORTSMOUTH, NH 03801;

Participants must:

i. handwrite their return address on the front of the envelope and the words: “Sweepstakes Entries”; and
ii. handwrite all of the following on only one side of the Request Card inserted inside the envelope:

A. in the top-left corner, one (and only one) unique one-time Postal Request Code (see clauses 3.4 and 3.5 of these Sweeps Rules for further information);

B. under the Postal Request Code, in the following order:

their full name as shown on their government issued identification;
the email address registered to their Luckyland Slots account;
the return/residential address registered to their Luckyland Slots account; and
the following statement:

“I wish to receive Sweeps Coins to participate in the sweepstakes promotions offered by Luckyland Slots. By submitting this request, I hereby declare that I have read, understood and agree to be bound by Luckyland Slot’s Terms of Service and Sweeps Rules.”

iii. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, COMBINED REQUESTS SENT VIA PACKAGE OR PARCEL DO NOT MEET THE REQUIREMENTS SET OUT ABOVE AND ARE INVALID.

3.3. There is a limit of one Request Card per outer envelope. For each Request Card a Participant submits in accordance with the above requirements, the Participant will receive 5 Sweeps Coins. The Sweeps Coins will be added to the Participant’s Customer Account. NOTE: A Participant must ensure that their handwriting is legible. If the Participant’s handwriting is not legible, the entry will be void and the Sweeps Coins will not be credited to the Participant’s Customer Account. The legibility of a Participant’s handwriting will be determined by Sponsor/Promoter in its sole discretion. THE REQUEST MUST ONLY BE MADE BY THE PARTICIPANT AND MUST BE POSTED FROM THE SAME STATE OR PROVINCE AS THE PARTICIPANT’S VERIFIED RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS. Requests made by any other individual or any entity (including but not limited to commercial sweepstakes subscription notification and/or entering services) or posted from a state or province different to the Participant’s verified residential address will be declared invalid and Sweeps Coins will not be added to the Participant’s Customer Account. Tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes, including but not limited to the use of any device or software to automate the Sweeps Coins request/entry process or to unfairly assist the Participant with meeting the handwriting requirement, is prohibited and any requests/entries deemed by Sponsor/Promoter, in its sole discretion, to have been submitted in this manner will be void. Where there is an issue or fault with an envelope used by a Participant to request free Sweeps Coins, such that it does, or is reasonably likely to, cause damage to, or otherwise adversely affect, equipment used or procedures implemented to process mailed in requests (for example, handmade envelopes that are not suitable for machine processing due to poor quality or non-standard adhesive or paper), such entry will be void. In the event a dispute regarding the identity of the individual who actually submitted a request or whether a request satisfies the requirements set out above cannot be resolved to Sponsor/Promoter’s satisfaction, the affected request/entry will be deemed ineligible. 

3.4. A Postal Request Code is a unique combination of 12 digits that Participants can obtain by following the steps outlined in clause 3.5 of these Sweeps Rules. A Postal Request Code is unique, can only be used once and expires 90 days after it is displayed. The purpose of a Postal Request Code is to assist with the efficient and effective processing of a Participant’s Request Card. Request Cards containing an expired Postal Request Code at the time of processing will be void. A POSTAL REQUEST CODE CAN ONLY BE USED BY THE PARTICIPANT WHOSE CUSTOMER ACCOUNT WAS USED TO GENERATE THAT POSTAL REQUEST CODE. Any Participant suspected by Sponsor/Promoter to have directly or indirectly provided a Postal Request Code to another person may, in the sole discretion of Sponsor/Promoter, be disqualified and lose their eligibility to Participate in the Sweepstakes.

3.5. A Postal Request Code can be obtained by following each of these steps:

(a) sign into your Customer Account;
(b) click on the “Menu” button in the Lobby;
(c) go to settings by clicking on the gear icon;
(d) click on the “Postal Request Code” link;
(e) click on the “Postal Request Codes” button and follow the prompts.

The Postal Request Code is then displayed for a period of time to enable a Participant to record it on their Request Card.

3.6. The amount of Sweeps Coins a Participant has will be displayed in their Customer Account on the website. The amount of Sweeps Coins to be allocated to Participants can be changed at any time by the Sponsor/Promoter in its sole discretion. 

3.7. Sponsor/Promoter is not responsible for lost, late, incomplete, invalid, unintelligible or misdirected Sweeps Coins requests or allocations. 

3.8. In the event of a dispute as to any registration of a Customer Account, the authorized account holder of the email address used to register the Customer Account will be deemed to be the Participant. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned the email address by an internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address.

3.9. Use of any automated or other system(s) to Participate, to acquire Sweeps Coins or play the games is prohibited and will result in disqualification and loss of eligibility to Participate in the games.

3.10. Sweeps Coins are only valid for sixty (60) days from the date a Participant last logged on to their Customer Account and will then automatically expire.

3.11. Sweeps Coins may also be forfeited if a Participant’s Customer Account is closed for any reason, or at the Sponsor/Promoter’s discretion.

 

4. USING SWEEPS COINS TO PLAY GAMES