8.3. Stake Cash through Post Card

a) Participants can receive 5 free Stake Cash by sending a standard postcard or piece of white paper (Request Card) which must be at least 4” x 6”, unfolded, and placed inside a stamped envelope addressed to the following address and satisfying the requirements set out below:

Sweepsteaks Limited 13101 Preston RD STE 110-5027 Dallas, TX 75240

b) The post card or request card, shall comply with the following criteria:

i. handwrite their return address on the front of the envelope and the words: “Stake Cash Credits”; and

ii. Handwrite all of the following, in the exact same order, on only one side of the Request Card inserted inside the envelope:

a. Full name as shown on their government issued identification;

b. the customer's Stake.us username;

c. the return/residential address registered to their Stake.us account;

d. the email address registered to their Stake.us account;

e. clearly placed word "CODE:" followed by the unique postcard code (
generated here
). This code is unique to each customer and must not be shared with other customers; and

f. the following statement:

“I wish to receive Stake Cash to participate in the sweepstakes promotions offered by Stake Sweepstakes. By submitting this request, I hereby declare that I have read, understood and agree to be bound by Stake’s Terms and Conditions.”

c) There is a limit of one Request Card per outer envelope.

d) A Participant must ensure that their handwriting is legible. If the Participant’s handwriting is not legible, the entry will be void and the Stake Cash will not be credited to the Participant’s Customer Account. The legibility of a Participant’s handwriting will be determined by Stake in its sole discretion.

e) THE REQUEST MUST ONLY BE MADE BY THE PARTICIPANT AND MUST BE POSTED FROM THE SAME STATE OR PROVINCE AS THE PARTICIPANT’S VERIFIED RESIDENTIAL ADDRESS. Requests made by any other individual or any entity (including but not limited to commercial sweepstakes subscription notification and/or entering services) or posted from a State or Province different to the Participant’s verified residential address will be declared invalid and Stake Cash will not be credited to the Participant’s Customer Account.

f) STAKE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REJECT REQUEST CARDS FROM EXCLUDED TERRITORIES.

g) Requests made by any other individual or any entity (including but not limited to commercial sweepstakes subscription notification and/or entering services) or posted from an Excluded Territory different to the Participant’s verified residential address will be declared invalid.

h) Tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes, including but not limited to the use of any device to automate the Stake Cash request/entry process, or to otherwise abuse the process, is prohibited and any requests/entries deemed by Stake, in its sole discretion, to have been submitted in this manner will be void. In the event a dispute regarding the identity of the individual who actually submitted a request or whether a request satisfies the requirements set out above cannot be resolved to Stake’s satisfaction, the affected request/entry will be deemed ineligible.

i) All cards that are submitted without a valid unique postcard code using the code generator after the 15th of March 2023, will be rejected.

j) For each Request Card a Participant submits in accordance with the above requirements, the Participant will receive 5 Stake Cash.

8.4. Stake Cash Balance